number	item	short
1	It really bothers me when people sneeze without covering their mouths.	Sneeze bothers me
2	If an illness is ‘going around’, I will get it.	I will get ill
3	I am comfortable sharing a water bottle with a friend. (R)	Comfortable sharing bottle (R)
4	I do not like to write with a pencil someone else has obviously chewed on.	Dislike chewed on pencil
5	My past experiences make me believe I am not likely to get sick even when my friends are sick. (R)	Not sick when friends sick (R)
6	I have a history of susceptibility to infectious disease.	History of susceptibility
7	I prefer to wash my hands pretty soon after shaking someone’s hand.	Wash soon after shaking hands
8	In general, I am very susceptible to colds, flu and other infectious diseases.	Susceptible to colds and flu
9	I dislike wearing used clothes because you do not know what the last person who wore it was like.	Dislike wearing used clothes
10	Even if they have obviously been cleaned recently, I get uncomfortable using toilets that I know are used by other people, in places like hotels or homes.	Uncomfortable using public toilets
11	I am more likely than the people around me to catch an infectious disease.	More likely to catch illness
12	My hands do not feel dirty after touching money. (R)	Hands do not feel dirty after money (R)
13	I am unlikely to catch a cold, flu or other illness, even if it is ‘going around’. (R)	Not likely to catch anything (R)
14	Even if I know they have been cleaned, it makes me uneasy to use cutlery in places that serve the public, such as dining halls.	Uneasy using restaurant cultery
15	It does not make me anxious to be around sick people. (R)	Not anxious around sick (R)
16	My immune system protects me from most illnesses that other people get. (R)	Immunity protects me (R)
17	I avoid holding on to the handles in public transportation vehicles because of the risk that I may catch something from the previous user.	Avoid holding on handles
18	It is not a problem for me to camp away from the hygienic facilities of daily life such as toilet paper, wet towels, and detergents. (R)	Can camp away from toilet paper (R)
